Report PCAP packet loss (#827)
tenzir/vast: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> - 🎁 Packet drop statistics are now reported to the accountant for the
>   pcap-reader, and are available using the keys `pcap-reader.recv`,
>   `pcap-reader.drop`, and `pcap-reader.ifdrop`. If the number of dropped packets
>   exceeds 5% of the total packets, VAST additionally reports the packet drop on
>   the command line. [#827](https://github.com/tenzir/pull/827)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 🎁 Packet drop statistics are now reported to the accountant for PCAP
  import, and are available using the keys `pcap-reader.recv`,
  `pcap-reader.drop`, and `pcap-reader.ifdrop` in the `vast.statistics` event. If the
  number of dropped packets exceeds a configurable threshold, VAST additionally
  warns about packet drops on the command line.
  [#827](https://github.com/tenzir/pull/827)
```
